---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-10-13
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224

## Date: 2018-10-13

## Start: 12:20pm

## Attendance

### Committee

- Nehal Ghuman
- Isaac Waugh
- Jim Dawes
- Simeon Leatherland
- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Yi Juin Lim
- Jordan Chang (2019 Treasurer)

### Guests

- none

### Apologies

- Sam Bray 

### Absent

- Ashtyn Antulov
- Lincoln Short
- Christian Brunette
- Jorel Paddick

## Old Minutes

- none

## Old Action Items

- Jeremy and Issac : going to guild to ask for help with Tax 
  - all done 
  - around $900
  - just need to print and sign 
- Jean: looking into prepaid card options 
- Nehal: email Nicoleta for pool table
- Ash: Send email to guild (place for pool table, what rights we have)
- Jean: make a google form for AGM nominations
- Ash: make posters for AGM
- Nehal: catering (pizza) for AGM
- Jeremy: getting someone impartial to count the votes at AGM
- Exm revision session room booking
  - OOPD Monday 5th Nov
  - UCP DSA 
    - Sat 3rd and Sun 4th
  - all booked 
  - FCS - Wan Quan is already running one 
- Jeremy: make notes for next year (Quiz Night)
- Ash: need to book venue for next year (Quiz Night)
  - Simeon will speak to Ash about it 
- Jeremy + Issac: Asking guild about guild grant (Adventure World)

## Treasury Report

- will have one for next meeting

## Agenda Items

### Pool Table

- Nehal spoke to Stephen
- they need an ultimatum Friday
- everyone on committee is too busy to handle it, managed to change it to after finals
- we own the couch as well
- asked Nicoleta if we are getting kicked out of pav
  - we have networking cables for LAN
  - next year committee need to move things away from pav
  - Ash was asking for one from department 

### Handover

- everyone else pretty much knows everything cause has been in the committee
- need to update Jordan for treasury 
- Nehal: will write out a list 
- official handover: Adventure world
- will do it over a period of time to ease the new committee list

## Past Events

- AGM 
  - congrats to all the new committee members
  - went well 
  - Notes to put on Drive: 25 pizza, 40 ppl showed up. Remember to loan voting box from guild earlier next year. Print out ballots. Good idea to get someone from guild to count the votes next year. 

## Upcoming Events

- LAN
  - none of the LAN guys are here
- Adventure World
  - will need to find out if we have a dedicated picnic area of adventure world with our group booking
  - saving $12 per ticket compared to last year
  - sending out EMP soon
  - if no guild grant, will need to reduce number of tickets to cut loses but should hopefully be fine
- Streams Talk
  - 24th Oct or the week after 
  - Simeon: will do room booking 

## General Discussion

- Resources
  - will need to see what we have, what goes where
  - then maybe try minimalize it
- Getting a Vending Machine
  - need to look into the legality of it (Department & Guild)
- Sponsorship
  - we got  contacts for PLE to reach out to 
  - $1500 from company
    - logo on our shirts
    - advertising space on the window
    - they can run events with us 
    - naming rights on one event
  - Jeremy happy to work with us over the summer to draft up the sponsorship prospectus
- Josh Morley still has contacts from Google
  - happy to get merch for us from Google
  - must be justifiable 
- Dreamsparks
  - $1500 bill for 3 years
  - next year com will need to see 
  - expires: can check on the Dreamspark website
  - can advertise once more a few months before expires so members can get keys

## New Action Items

- Ash:  was asking for space from department. 
- Simeon: booking Quiz Night for next year with Ash
- Nehal: Handover list
- Simeon: will do room booking for Streams Talk

## Next Meeting

- TBD

## Finish: 1:03pm