---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-10-27
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.224

## Date: 2018-10-13

## Start: 1:10pm

## Attendance

### Committee

#### 2018

* Nehal Ghuman

* Isaac Waugh

* Yi Juin Lim

* Lincoln Short

* Christian Brunette

* Jim Dawes

* Sam Bray

* Simeon Leatherland

#### 2019 

* Isaac Waugh

* Simeon Leatherland

* Jordan Chang

* Yi Juin Lim

* Matt Oldfield

* Kieran Counsins

* Owen Frere

* Kai Ciccarelli

* Kelly Shi

* Luke Tan

* Tim Dempsey

### Guests

* none

### Apologies

* Jeremy Ciccarelli

### Absent

* Jorel Paddick

* Ashtyn Antulov

## Old Minutes

* accepted

## Old Action Items

- Pool Table
  - sorted
  - Simeon managed to sold it out on Gumtree
- Future Sponsorships
  - getting idea 
  - set it up for next year
  - need another place for revenue
- 2019 Quiz Tav booking
  - 	not done yet
  - 27th September 2019
- Handover List
  - after exams

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ywJ43G_CkQUPSGFUB2jr0dIIeAZ8sf2M
- Ending: 2018-10-27 (15 days)
- revenue: $1,208.46
  - $1,200.00 - pool table
  - $8.46 - tickets/membership
- expenditure: $1773.10
  - $235.90 - Revision Session papers
  - $600.00 - Laser Tag Reimbursement
  - $420.00 - Bounce Reimbursement
  - $110.00 - SGM Pizza Ice
  - $125.00 - AGM Pizza
  - $102.95 - TFTI Pizza
  - $179.25 - Quiz Night
- discrepancy: $22.75 
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $17,789.49

## Agenda Items

### 2019 Committee welcome
* 	welcome!
* 	good idea to read the constitution
* 	especially the execs

### Moving out of Engineering Pavilion
* 	move everything ours out 
* 	remaining pool table stuff 
   * 	Sell on gumtree --> simeon
* 	LAN equipment
   * 	the cupboard with LAN equipments 
   * 	need to find a place to put it 
   * 	need to email properties to formally ask for a cupboard to put it in 
      - Christian will do it
* 	Couch?
   - just leave it

### Room Bookings for Exam Revision Sessions
* 		Christian and Sam haven't gotten the confirmation email
* 		need to message Jeremy to figure out OOPD

### End of year LAN dates/room confirmation.
* 	weekend after WACTF
* 	might try a different room for next semester 
* 	Nehal :  will email Tele for room for LAN

### Adventure World Budget confirmation
* 	waiting for guild to confirm the grant for adventure world
* 	is everyone happy to run it even if we don't get the grant 
* 		max lose $460 
* just go ahead and book 
* not providing food this year 
* cap on 30 then have a waiting list 

### Possibility of having a mini hackathon/game jam during the break? 
* 	mini one to first gauge people's interest. will also gauge people's interest on discord
* 	could try and cooperate with Makerspace
* 	week after Christmas or during WACTF

## Past Events

* Streams Talk
  * expecting a bigger turnout -- advertised too late
  * went well

## Upcoming Events

* Revision Sessions
  * confirm or confirming. almost all set 
* Adventure World
  * 26th november
  * Kai will be shadowing Jeremy 
* LAN
  * EMP
  * start advertising
  * Lincoln and Christian will be in charged

## General Discussion

- Shirts for Quiz Night Winners

- ComSSA merch for 2019
  * Shirt sizes running short (Jordan has a list)


* Update the ComSSA website minutes 
  * Jean needs to update it 
* Try to get more corporate involvement
  * members can know what's going on in the industry 
* CoderDojo
  * will continue to be a ComSSA initiative
  * Luke (champion for CoderDojo) on committee as well
* Migrating all our services
  * maybe do it over the summer
  * will need to compare costs 
* Handover - signatories
  * need to get Nehal and Ash off
  * need to get Simeon and Jordan in 
* Domain Name
  * Nehal: will message Sam Stoddart to check who paid for it
* Nehal : will follow up on WiECD for bowling money

## New Action Items

* Christian :  email properties to formally ask for a cupboard to put it in 
* Nehal :  will email Tele for room for LAN
* Jean : needs to update website for meeting minutes
* Nehal : message Sam Stoddart for domain name 
* Nehal : will follow up on WiECD for bowling money

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 1:45pm