---
layout: default
title: Minutes for 2018-09-26
---

![](../../images/letterhead.png)

## What: ComSSA Meeting

## Venue: 314.218

## Date: 2018-09-26

## Start: 6:10pm

## Attendance

### Committee

- Nehal Ghuman
- Ashtyn Antulov
- Isaac Waugh
- Yi Juin Lim
- Lincoln Short
- Jeremy Ciccarelli
- Christian Brunette
- Jim Dawes
- Sam Bray
- Simeon Leatherland

### Guests

* Luke Tan

### Apologies

* Jorel Paddick

### Absent

* none

## Old Minutes

* approved

## Old Action Items

### Tax

* on going
* making sure everything is in the right category
* guild help students with taxes
* Jeremy and Issac : going to guild to ask for help 

### Guild Games

* participated
* had fun
* did not win

### Figuring out what Delan is still doing for ComSSA

* Jorel in charge, not here

### Domain registration

* Jean: looking into prepaid card options 
* Sam seem to be paying for this year, will need to check 

## Treasury Report
- https://drive.google.com/open?id=11wgpKHO8I_sdIRW81Hm8tiVBTVBUbyRX
- Ending: 2018-09-26 (57 days)
- revenue: $1,194.44
  - $281 - pool table
  - $122 - Tickets
  - $100 - Memberships
  - $691.44 - Tickets/Membership (TidyHQ)
- expenditure: $0.00
- discrepancy: -$177.80
- deposit: $0.00 (pending)
- balance: $18,327.15

## Agenda Items

### Pool Table

* verbal agreement to put it in eng pav after we lost common room 
* get guild to see if they can help us
* can we make another agreement?
* Nehal: email Nicoleta (to figure out exactly why)
* Ash: Send email to guild (place for pool table, what rights we have)

* Revision session printing is funded by pool table, removing pool table is like removing our funding for it 

### AGM Advertising

- Jean: make a google form (for both Exec and OCM positions) for nominations
- Ash: make posters.
- just advertise for Exec positions

### Room Bookings for Exam Revision Sessions

* people in charge of each unit: book rooms
* make sure don't book on the same day

## Past Events

### Revision Sessions

* download csv of attendance from online forms and upload to drive
* would be useful to know the number of people coming

### Quiz Night

* went well, sold out 9 tables
* Jeremy: make notes for next year
* Ash: need to book venue for next year

### TFTI

* went well
* engaging, good

## Upcoming Events

### AGM

- Nehal: catering (pizza)
- Jeremy: getting someone impartial to count the votes

### Vim talk - Link

* not running this year
* but all cheat sheet, slides are ready
* doing week 3 next sem

### Streams Talk

- no budget for pizza
- need to find a date - 17th Oct

### LAN/Adventure World (Get the ball rolling)

* Serena and Hugh said they're keen to learn 
* can't book anything for Adventure World until we know where we stand financially
* Jeremy + Issac: Asking guild about guild grant
* LAN the weekend after WACTF

## General Discussion

### Shirts for Quiz Night Winners

* sort out after meeting 

### Inventory List

* make a spreadsheet of what we have, services included. over the summer

## New Action Items

* Jeremy and Issac : going to guild to ask for help with Tax 
* Jean: looking into prepaid card options 
* Nehal: email Nicoleta for pool table
* Ash: Send email to guild (place for pool table, what rights we have)
* Jean: make a google form for AGM nominations
* Ash: make posters for AGM
* Nehal: catering (pizza) for AGM
* Jeremy: getting someone impartial to count the votes at AGM
* Exm revision session room booking
* Jeremy: make notes for next year (Quiz Night)
* Ash: need to book venue for next year (Quiz Night)
* Jeremy + Issac: Asking guild about guild grant (Adventure World)

## Next Meeting

* TBD

## Finish: 7:15pm